[Music]
hey guys it's Jessie Faden I'm gonna be
showing you around remedy who apparently
it's making a game about me so see see
what they do here the building doesn't
seem to be moving wonderful this is one
of my favorite places the kitchen ah
this is what they do here yeah
play more game don't mind me
so here's looking at the treats food
don't know about you guys but I love
sweets all right let's go take a look
down the control hallway art director me
we have this familiar thing the Federal
Bureau of control I know a thing or two
about this place so weird seeing
yourself on the halls the hall walls ah
working tirelessly we have another room
I don't don't actually know what they do
in there but something related to the
game so behind me here we have me and a
quote from me this happens to be one of
my favorite jackets by the way I got it
at a wonderful vintage store which is
where I get all the rest of my clothing
oh and in case you're wondering yes you
can change my clothes as you wish
I don't know about you this jackets
pretty badass alright let's keep walking
we have magical what a music replay I'm
playing the hottest the hottest tracks
of 2019
love it they love those juni rock there
we go this guy I'm impressed
I'll be here all week I'll be back then
I love music all different kinds of
moving something you might not know rock
music is my favorite but that was pretty
amazing hi
we have many other this is another room
where they work on the game
we've got drawings these are the things
I doodle in my office when I'm not
fighting evil all right let's go scope
out this end of the hallway so you've
got over here conference room it's
important this we've got humans lots of
humans I'm assuming this is people who
work here this is a great idea actually
you know starting at the bureau it's
been it's been a little there's not too
many people but even learning people's
names sometimes is a bit overwhelming
especially when you know your brains
kind of doing 10 million tasks like you
know keeping it the place safe and
cleaned out and and then learning who
works there and what they do so this is
actually fantastic I might still this
idea don't tell them I love it though I
love being a part of the bureau it's
absolutely an amazing it's great I'm
learning a lot there's more to learn
another hallway it's never-ending it's
interesting because you know remedy is
super busy creating this game and so
they have been really wonderful to let
me come and visit and explore but
everyone has been so busy creating for
all of you guys that I haven't had a
proper full tour of the new building so
I apologize if I don't know everything
but I'm exploring with you guys it's fun
do you know I didn't hear about this
this I look familiar
I've absolutely no clue if you guys
figure it out let me know
more hallways back to the hallway let's
go check out upstairs
Quantic ray I've heard that game was
amazing you know I really wish I could
levitate right now that is by far my
favorite thing that I've acquired
it's amazing you guys haven't tried it
you absolutely have to try it it's like
taking off is like jumping off of an
invisible trampoline but then once
you're up there it's kind of like kind
of like swimming but lighter less dense
the color of these chairs they're
wonderful we're here all day and there's
nobody here where is the fridge
speaking of fridge by the way if anybody
has any off time downtime at all
if you could relieve the guy in front of
the fridge that would be fantastic I
told him I was gonna go back but I've
been so busy you get it so that would be
great I feel like he would really
appreciate it by the way if you guys
ever have an opportunity to watch
anything these the best things to launch
these plates they crash they crack
they're loud they also serve as really
good weapons mugs are good too
this looks like hot chocolate which is
my favorite on a cold New York evening
I'm gonna take this don't tell him
[Music]